(DOCSP-8163) and (DOCSP-12999) Add new default limits to the system variables table, and clean up the table (#281)
mongodb/docs-bi-connector: source/reference/system-variables.txt

         ``mongosqld`` events and state changes.
       - ``1``: Log messages for database users and ``mongosqld`` administrators.
       - ``2``: For internal use only.
     - ``2 (Atlas-hosted) and 0 (on premises)``
   * - ``max_nested_table_depth``
     - integer
     - Specifies the maximum number of unique nested field paths that
       ``mongosqld`` maps to a relational table for a collection.
     - ``50``
   * - ``max_num_global_tables``
     - integer

>      - The maximum number of tables allowed in a table with an automatically-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The maximum number of tables allowed in a mongodb deployment with an automatically-
```

Author: Done

       generated schema.
     - ``4000``
   * - ``max_num_tables_per_collection``
     - integer
     - The maximum number of tables allowed in a collection in a table with an
       automatically-generated schema.
     - ``200``
   * - ``max_nested_table_depth``
     - integer

>      - The default limit for table's nesting depth in a table with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The default limit for table's nesting depth, that is the depth of arrays that will be translated to tables, in a collection with an
```

Author: Updated to become: "The default limit for table's nesting depth of arrays
       that MongoDB translates to tables, in a collection with an 
       automatically-generated schema."

         discovered during sampling, even if the fields do not appear
         as multiple data types.
     -  ``off``
   * - ``reconcile_arithmetic_agg_functions``
     - boolean
     - Allows you to choose the behavior where MongoDB does not
       automatically convert types for some queries using arithmetic
       aggregate functions. In MongoDB version 3.6 and earlier, this
       behavior results in improved performance, compared with implicit
       type conversions for arithmetic aggregation functions in subsequent

>        versions.

Reviewer: Excellent!
